Seattle's first RECREATIONAL (21+) POT SHOP on the waterfront! Just a short walk North of Pike Place Market, on the corner of Bell / Elliott. We have great prices, a VERY cool shop, and the finest budtenders in the city, waiting to tend to your bud needs.
Since 2012 Green Anne had been serving the lower Queen Anne neighborhood in Seattle, WA with top quality medical cannabis products at unbeatable prices. As times have changed, we've kept up the times to bring our warm in-store experience and curated offerings to the masses under Washington's I-502 recreational marijuana program. Newly branded Queen Anne Cannabis Co. is excited to help bring new and existing recreational consumers into the fold of the cannabis-friendly community.
Community. Culture. Cannabis.
‘Shedding light on decades of misinformation’
At Stash Pot Shop we are working to advance a new era of cannabis culture and normalized use. Our two locations serve the community by providing an elegant, welcoming environment to purchase the finest quality cannabis products. We want to help you find the exact product that’s right for you, whether you’re a novice to cannabis or have extensive prior experience.
Our diverse, talented staff represents the myriad of different backgrounds and cultures that intersect in the cannabis community. We focus heavily on education and community outreach in all aspects of our business, and are thrilled about the growth of this highly localized industry. We cordially invite you to stop by our Ballard or Lake City locations and see for yourself what makes us different.
CANNABIS CITY Seattle's Original Cannabis Shop! We welcome anyone 21+ to stop by and have a one of a kind Cannabis experience with us.

No trip to the Evergreen state is complete without a visit to Cannabis City!

Check out our Midweek specials: $2 off ANY pre-roll Tuesday and $2 off ANY 1 gram Wednesday! We take cash and debit cards!

We strive to provide a broad range of quality Cannabis products to fit any budget!

We are conveniently located on 4th Ave S (10 minutes south of Downtown Seattle, 15 minutes north of SeaTac/Seattle International Airport, and 4 minute walk from light rails SoDo Station).

We have a shared Parking lot located on 3rd Ave S just behind Subway.

Prices listed on our menu include all taxes!

Our menu is subject to change. Items sell very quickly.

This product has intoxicating effects and may be habit forming. Marijuana can impair concentration, coordination, and judgment. Do not operate a vehicle or machinery under the influence of this drug. There may be health risks associated with consumption of this product. For use only by adults twenty-one and older. Keep out of the reach of children.
Your Recreational Home Store for everything in marijuana with exceptional quality. We know our weed and our goal is to give you the ultimate experience. We offer outstanding service and items at a great price range!!

21+ w/ id required

Uncle Ike's is the leading retailer for Legal Marijuana: offering the best variety of marijuana, edibles, concentrates, and more at the lowest prices in Seattle.
Top Five Reasons to Visit Uncle Ike's
Lowest Prices: Uncle Ike's has hands-down the lowest prices in Seattle for Recreational Pot.
Veteran's Discount
Medical Card Holder Discount
Daily Deals on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter

All Taxes Included: Many stores make their prices seem cheaper by not including their sales tax. With Ike's the price you see is the price you are going to get.

Glass and Good's Store On-Site: Ike's has all your smoking needs under control with our smoking accessories store located right next to the Pot Shop.

Free Parking: we have a huge parking lot, so no need to worry about parallel parking on the street.

Awesome neighborhood: The Central District is quickly evolving into a hot-spot, with Chuck's Hop Shop, The Neighbor Lady, Central Cinema, Ezell's and more. Stroll around after you pick up your bud.

A finer approach to cannabis, we are Capitol Hill's ONLY recreational marijuana shop. We consistently bring in growers and product that are superior to our competitors, and give you the added touch of premier bud-tender knowledge. Our store, featuring a wide selection of cannabis and cannabis-infused products, is open everyday 8:30-11:45. Located at the corner of 15th ave and East Republican St.

Ponder welcomes customers from all experience levels to Seattle's eclectic Central District. Our knowledgeable staff members are ready to answer any questions about our wide selection of cannabis products. Ponder is a small store with big savings. Whether it is flower, concentrates, edibles or pre-rolls, we offer quality products at the best prices. Our online menu is updated regularly and can be viewed at ponderseattle.com/menu
